README.md, before:


# Style-Forge.Colors

![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.colors)
![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/style-forge.colors)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/style-forge.colors)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e659ed33f24740a6942f68b7f87e254f)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/Style-Forge/colors/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade)
![build](https://github.com/Style-Forge/colors/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)

`Style-Forge.Colors` package provides a comprehensive and customizable set of color palettes for your web applications. It includes predefined color schemes and the ability to create your own custom palettes, ensuring consistent and visually appealing designs across your projects.

## Documentation

To check out docs, visit [style-forge.dev](https://style-forge.dev/colors/)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/branch-name`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`.
4. Push your changes to the forked repository: `git push origin feature/branch-name`.
5. Create a pull request in the original repository.

For more detailed information, please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Modules

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Version</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/hub">hub</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Central repository that integrates all project modules.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/base">base</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.base" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Basic styles and foundational components of the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/helpers">helpers</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.helpers" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Utility functions and helpers for the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/form">form</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.form" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Styles and components for creating forms.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/themes">themes</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.themes" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Themes and styling options for the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/patterns">patterns</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.patterns" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Reusable patterns and templates for the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/colors">colors</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.colors" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Color palettes and styles for the project.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Authors

- **Dmitrii Sagalov** - *Expert in interface development* - [Sarmaged](https://github.com/Sarmaged)

## Contact

If you have any questions or suggestions, please open an issue in [Issues](https://github.com/Style-Forge/colors/issues).

Commit message:

Documentation moved to https://style-forge.github.io/

README.md, after:


# Style-Forge.Colors

![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.colors)
![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/style-forge.colors)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/style-forge.colors)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e659ed33f24740a6942f68b7f87e254f)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/Style-Forge/colors/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade)
![build](https://github.com/Style-Forge/colors/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)

`Style-Forge.Colors` package provides a comprehensive and customizable set of color palettes for your web applications. It includes predefined color schemes and the ability to create your own custom palettes, ensuring consistent and visually appealing designs across your projects.

## Documentation

To check out docs, visit [style-forge.github.io](https://style-forge.github.io/colors/)

## Support the project ⭐

If you feel awesome and want to support us in a small way, please consider starring and sharing the repo! This helps us getting known and grow the community. 🙏

<img src="https://github.com/style-forge/hub/raw/main/public/github-star.gif" alt="style-forge-star" />

## Modules

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Version</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/hub">hub</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Central repository that integrates all project modules.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/base">base</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.base" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Basic styles and foundational components of the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/helpers">helpers</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.helpers" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Utility functions and helpers for the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/form">form</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.form" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Styles and components for creating forms.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/themes">themes</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.themes" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Themes and styling options for the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/patterns">patterns</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.patterns" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Reusable patterns and templates for the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/Style-Forge/colors">colors</a></td>
    <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/style-forge.colors" alt="npm"></td>
    <td>Color palettes and styles for the project.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/branch-name`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`.
4. Push your changes to the forked repository: `git push origin feature/branch-name`.
5. Create a pull request in the original repository.

For more detailed information, please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
